[EDU-3337] refactor: add conventional commits to contributing and template (#509)
aziontech/docs: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

2. Create a new `.mdx` file.
3. Add a [front matter YAML](https://docs.github.com/en/github-ae@latest/contributing/syntax-and-versioning-for-github-docs/using-yaml-frontmatter) to the top of the `.mdx` file to fill out titles and metadata as shown below:

  ```md
  ---
  title: <Insert page title>
  description: <Insert page description>
  meta_tags: <Insert tags>
  namespace: <Insert namespace following the structure: documentation_type_product_module_feature>
  permalink: <Insert a permalink for the page following the structure: /en/documentation/type/product/module/feature>
  ---
  ```

4. Write the content below the front matter in Markdown format.

> You can branch out from main or commit the changes directly once you're pleased with them. We use the **Conventional Commits** standard to title commits and PRs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can branch out from main or commit the changes directly once you're pleased with them. We use the basics of the **Conventional Commits** standard to title commits and PRs.
```

Reviewer: como fizemos uma leve adaptação de podemos fazer mais, cabe essa adição

> You can branch out from main or commit the changes directly once you're pleased with them. We use the [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) structure to title commits and PRs.

Author: ```suggestion
You can branch out from main or commit the changes directly once you're pleased with them. We use the **Conventional Commits** standard to title commits and PRs.
```
